Add new definitions to glossary & replace Gov2 with OpenGov (#4264)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/general/glossary.md

"[inherents](#inherent)" and "[transactions](#transaction)". For more technical details see the
[polkadot spec](https://spec.polkadot.network/#_extrinsics)

## Fellowship

> A mostly self-governing expert body with a primary goal of representing humans who embody and
> contain the technical knowledge base of the Kusama and/or Polkadot networks and protocols. This is
> accomplished by associating a rank with members to categorize the degree to which the system expects
> their opinion to be well-informed, of a sound technical basis and in line with the interests of
> Polkadot and Kusama. Members can vote on any given Fellowship proposal and the aggregate opinion of
> the members (weighted by their rank) constitutes the Fellowship's considered opinion.

Reviewer: Brevity is important in Glossary. When the respective sections are ready, we can link them here

```suggestion
A mostly self-governing expert body with a primary goal of representing humans who embody and
contain the technical knowledge base of the Kusama and/or Polkadot networks and protocols.
```

online, even if they haven't published a block this epoch. This is sometimes referred to as
"ImOnline".

## OpenGov

> Previously known as governance v2 during early development, OpenGov serves as the currently
> governance protocol for Kusama and eventually Polkadot. The primary goal of this mechanism is to
> ensure that the majority of the stake can always command the network and is built to evolve
> gracefully overtime at the ultimate behest of its assembled stakeholders. OpenGov is designed to
> make the repercussions of referenda better scoped and agile in order to dramatically increase the
> number of collective decisions the system is able to make. Anyone is able to start a referendum at
> anytime and they can do so as many times as they wish. OpenGov includes a Fellowship that replaces
> the Technical Committee from the original governance model, to help aid in technical decision making
> in a democratic manner.

Reviewer: Please check of the markdown link works

```suggestion
Previously known as Governance v2 (Gov2) during early development, [OpenGov](../learn/learn-opengov) serves as the current
governance protocol for Kusama and will eventually be deployed on Polkadot. 
```

A heterogeneous, multi-chain network allowing various blockchains of different characteristics to
perform arbitrary, cross-chain communication under shared security.

## Polkadot Alliance

> Seven of Polkadot’s leading projects have joined forces to establish standards and ethics for
> open-source development in [referendum #94](https://polkadot.polkassembly.io/referendum/94). The
> Polkadot Alliance was founded by Acala, Astar, Interlay, Kilt, Moonbeam, Phala, and Subscan, seven
> of the top projects occupying Polkadot’s parachain slots. The on-chain collective aims to support
> development standards and expose bad actors within the ecosystems of Polkadot.

Reviewer: Avoid mention of "Top projects" or any form of bias in the Wiki documentation

```suggestion
The
Polkadot Alliance is an [on-chain collective](#collectives) founded by Acala, Astar, Interlay, Kilt, Moonbeam, Phala, and Subscan, to establish standards and ethics for
open-source development in [referendum #94](https://polkadot.polkassembly.io/referendum/94). It aims to support
development standards and expose bad actors within the ecosystems of Polkadot.
```

The process of replacing sensitive data with non-sensitive data.

## Tracks

Each [Origin](#origin) is associated with a single referendum class and each class is associated

> with a Track. The Track outlines the lifecycle for the proposal and is independent from other

Reviewer: Please check if the markdown link works

```suggestion
with a [Track](../maintain/maintain-guides-opengov#origins-and-tracks). The Track outlines the lifecycle for the proposal and is independent from other
```
